Set up Git Configuration

Setup your Git credentials. This procedure needs to be executed once per HUB/Site.
Prerequisites 	Users: General 	

    You are in command shell.

Procedure:

    Set your git user name
        git config --global user.name $USER
    Set your git email

        git config --global user.email <your ericsson email>

    e.g git config --global user.email johndoe@example.com
    Add a little color
        git config --global color.status auto
        git config --global color.diff auto
    For color, you may need to add this to your .cshrc.user file
        setenv LESS '-M -I -R'
    Set your merge tool
        git config --global merge.tool kdiff3

Next:Continue.
Setup your editor

The primary use of the editor is for writing commit messages. It is also used during interactive rebases (git rebase -i). If you don't set the editor in git, git will default to whatever your $EDITOR environment variable is set to.
Use one of the following procedures:

Procedure:emacs

    To setup emacs as your editor
        git config --global core.editor "emacs"

Next:n/a

Procedure:gvim

    To setup gvim as your editor
        git config --global core.editor "gvim -f"

Next:Continue.
Setup your pager
See Also
• pagers

Your pager is the command that git will use to send its command output.
Use one of the following procedures:

Procedure:cat

    If you want all info to be output in the shell set:
        git config --global core.pager "cat"

Next:If you use this you need to use limiting flags on some command to avoid getting too much info. Ex: git log -n 5

Procedure:less

    To be able to see coloured SHA1 tags instead of ESC codes (for example in git log) set
        git config --global core.pager "less -r"
    The less utility is a vast improvement over the default pager more. It can be configured using the LESS environment variable. Here is a example configuration. If you configure the git core.pager to use less, you will probably prefer to use --QUIT-AT-EOF instead of --quit-at-eof.
    Do one of the following:
        For cshell:
            setenv PAGER less
            setenv LESS "--ignore-case --quit-at-eof --LONG-PROMPT --squeeze-blank-lines --HILITE-UNREAD --search-skip-screen --RAW-CONTROL-CHARS"
        For bash:
            export PAGER=less|export LESS="--ignore-case --quit-at-eof --LONG-PROMPT --squeeze-blank-lines --HILITE-UNREAD --search-skip-screen --RAW-CONTROL-CHARS"

        The last option is necessary on the 2100 Phoenix pool.

Next:Continue.

